LOVETO Whitepaper
===========

_Ecological improvement tokens - Version 1.8_

## Introduction

### Overview

This Whitepaper describes the system underlying the creation of LOVE TO's ecological regeneration Tokens, which are part of the PIE System.

The PIE System is a way for ecological improvements to be quantified, evaluated, certified and sold.

In short, the LOVE TO Group:

1. quantifies the ecological improvement of environmental Projects;
2. scores the improvements as PIE Points on PIE Certificates; and
3. mints Tokens on Ledgers to to represent PIE Points.

### Current state

1. LTBBG is the Token issuing entity. LTBBG is a mutual company limited by guarantee.
2. Tokens (known as BBGs) are currently operating on Ethereum but LOVE TO Group is working to arrange for other Ledger providers.

### Disclaimer 

1. This document is **subject to development**.
2. The PIE System as a whole is evolving and there will be subsequent versions of this Whitepaper with substantive changes.
3. Please refer back to this web address to see the updated versions of this document.

### Definitions

Capitalised terms in this document are defined at the end of this document in the "Definitions" section.

## 1. PIE Process

### 1.1 Roles

Regenerative ecological improvements by Producers are quantified under the PIE Agreement, where:

1. Producers implement Projects to create ecological regeneration; and
2. an LTA:
    1. advises the Producer on environmental best practices and the most efficient practices in relation to Project(s);
    2. works with the Producer to witness and record the ecological improvement of the Project; and
    3. works with LTBBG to implement the PIE Certification in relation to the ecological improvement of Projects.

### 1.2 Evaluation

1. The Evaluation process starts when Producer asks LTGM to assess the ecological improvements made to land.
2. Producer then works with LTA to provide information about their land to LTGM, resulting in the Commencement Report with an ecological score for the land.

### 1.3 Benchmark reports

1. After a set period (typically one year), the Producer then requests another evaluation under the PIE Agreement.
2. LTA and Producer again work together to give information to LTGM for the new Evaluation, generating a Benchmark Report.
3. This report provides a score to measure the land's improvement since the last Evaluation, whether that was a Commencement Report or Benchmark Report.
4. The difference in scores between the two Evaluations generates new PIE Points if the ecological improvement is positive during the period.
5. Producer, LTA, LTBBG and LTGM all work in the Evaluation process and are awarded PIE Points for that work, as per the table below. 

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Party</th>
<th>Total PIE Points percentage</th>
<th>Type</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Producer</td>
<td>72.51</td>
<td>PIE Point Entitlement</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LTA</td>
<td>6.05%</td>
<td>Half as PIE Point Entitlements and the remaining half as PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LTGM</td>
<td>7.81%</td>
<td>PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LTBBG</td>
<td>
13.63%
</td>
<td>PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 1.4 Entitlements and Rights

1. PIE Points created by the difference between Evaluations are considered PIE Point Entitlements for Producer until the next Evaluation.
2. When a new Evaluation occurs, the PIE Points previously labelled as Entitlements transform into PIE Point Rights, which makes them certifiable for buying and selling.
3. This is a way for LTGM to ensure that ecological improvements since the last Evaluation have endured for a specific duration.

### 1.5 Case study of PIE Point Entitlements and Rights

1. Producer's land gets an ecological score of 25 in an Evaluation report.
2. After making improvements for a year, the new Evaluation gives the land a score of 125.
3. This improvement results in 100 PIE Points.
4. Producer keeps 72.51 PIE Points as Entitlements, and the rest are shared among other parties as per the table above.
5. After another year the next Evaluation has a PIE Point score of 175, another 50 PIE Points were generated by ecological improvement.
6. 36.25 PIE Points go to Producer based on the table percentages.
7. The initial 72.51 PIE Points held as Entitlements now become PIE Point Rights.
8. The new 36.25 PIE Points are held as Entitlements until the next Evaluation.

### 1.6 Certificates

1. When a party is ready to sell their PIE Point Rights it will notify LTGM.
2. LTGM will create PIE Certificates and an equivalent number of Tokens on the Ledger that the party selects.

## 2. PIE Certification

### 2.1 PIE Certification implementation

1. The exact cost of the Evaluation process depends on the services required, but it is usually in the range of $1,500 to $5,000. LOVE TO Group is working to reduce this cost.
2. The Evaluation makes room for PIE Points to be issued as the result of activities across (presently) 142 data measurement points in four meta sets (not solely biological) including:
    1. property location, historic management, ecological vulnerability, food, water, air, soil security and climate change adaptation and mitigation measures;
    2. the impact of the works on the ecosystem outside the Producer’s boundaries; and
    3. social impacts such as training, mentoring, benchmark sharing, participation in regeneration organisations.
3. The PIE Certification framework uses best practice methods (including satellite monitoring and spectral data as well as historic satellite imagery, local enquiry, and a variety of geolocated technology applications) to assess the improvements of a Project. For the sake of integrity, it involves:
    1. the escrow process described above;
    2. an audit process encompassing the interactions of Producer and LTA; and
    3. checks for statistical outliers.
4. For illustrative purposes only, since PIE Points vary widely based on ecology, in Season 1 the scale of Tokens relative to ecological improvement was as follows:
    1. the average number of PIE Points per hectare per year is 45;
    2. the top quartile of Projects is 80-90 PIE Points / hectare / year; and
    3. the bottom quartile of Projects is 10 PIE Points / hectare / year.

### 2.2 PIE System

1. The intellectual property in the PIE System is owned by LOVE TO R&D Pty Ltd.
2. The PIE System is currently proprietary and confidential. Releases of the information to certain stakeholders and the potential for open sourcing the PIE System are under consideration.
3. Ecological improvements codified by PIE Certificates are certified by LTGM. It is intended in the future that PIE System certifications are issued by parties other than LTGM.

### 2.3 PIE Certification process for historical work

1. LOVE TO may award PIE Points for Projects concerning ecological improvement work completed further than 12 months into the past.
2. Historical Projects may contemplate ecological improvement work done as far into the past as 30 years and will be assessed during the first Evaluation for the Producer. Historical work will fulfil two conditions:
    1. it must have been completed by the same Producer currently engaging with the PIE System; and 
    2. must have been continuously implemented by that Producer for the entirety of the period claimed.

### 2.4 Remediation

1. LTBBG may decline to certify PIE Point Entitlements if:
    1. the latest Evaluation reveals that the ecological condition has declined by reference to the previous Evaluation as the result of an intentional action by the Producer; or
    2. negligence or fraud in relation to data by the Producer / LTA during the previous Evaluation is discovered.
2. LTBBG will also reserve the right to update or cancel PIE Certificates in the future if fraud or negligence is discovered later.

### 2.5 Change in process

1. In the first round of PIE Certification, LTBBG issued options over LivingShares. These were awarded based on PIE Points awarded. LTBBG received one option for every four options received by participants under this regime.
2. Participants may now elect to cancel their options and replace them with BBGs. LTBBG cannot elect to cancel options it owns because it did not earn PIE Points in the first round process.
3. In the second round of PIE Certifications, LTBBG will earn Tokens during Evaluations and will not receive options as before. 

## 3. Tokens

### 3.1 New accounting standards

It is expected that there will be demand for Tokens by businesses as the result of new ESG reporting mandates under consideration by Australia's Treasury Department. Draft legislation has been released as of March 2024: https://treasury.gov.au/consultation/c2024-466491.

### 3.2 Token value rationale

Using the PIE System, the supply of Tokens is strictly limited to representing actual ecological improvement. Each Token enshrines a single PIE Point. The value of a Token is a function of:
1. the Evaluation process, which codifies an improvement to the ecological commons (improvements that everyone benefits from) in the form of a PIE Certificate;
2. the near universal agreement of humans about the significance / value of improving ecology;
3. a Ledger implementing the representation of a PIE Certificate as Tokens that ensures the Tokens mirror the value created in the physical world;
4. the reputational and sentimental value derived by a person holding the Token since the holder exclusively controls it, and can uniquely verify that as a current holder they:
    1. exchanged value (and retain the financial burden of the exchange) as the last of a series of exchanges that effectively paid for a specific, codified, bona fide slice of improvement to the ecological commons; and
    2. retain the financial burden of a contribution to the existence of a system that creates ecological improvement.
5. The altruistic motivation behind owning Tokens (in the sense that the underlying value is an improvement to the common good) does not detract from the value of the traded Token.

### 3.3 Token price signal

1. The price signal for the Tokens at launch is derived from the Producer’s expected return on capital above the average achieved by a conventional non-regenerative farmer with similar scale, location and opportunities. 
2. The “above average” returns for each property are pooled for the whole cohort and divided by the total number of PIE Points for the cohort. In season one the price discovered by this methodology was $5.50 (rounded to 2 decimal places).
3. The second price signal is that LTBBG issues LivingShares. Each LivingShare has a face value of $100. LTBBG will accept 20 Tokens in exchange for each LivingShare, thus establishing an additional price signal that links the market value of Tokens to the market value of the dividend-paying equity instrument. Because the company earns cash and Tokens, the dividend payment provides an additional market signal for the value of the LivingShares and therefore for the Tokens.
4. LTBBG will seek advice on the legality of payments for LivingShares with Tokens.

### 3.4 Token legal categories

1. We consider that Tokens are likely to be classified as commodities / property, in part, based on the views expressed by the UK Law Commission in its Digital Assets: Consultation Paper (https://www.lawcom.gov.uk/document/digital-assets-consultation-paper/).
2. We took advice from an Australian barrister that tne Tokens are not a "financial product" for the purposes of the _Corporations Act_ (Cth). 

## 4. Token Burning

### 4.1 Ecological degeneration burning

When a PIE Point is in circulation, it becomes LTBBG's responsibility to ensure that the originating land for the PIE Point continues to justify the circulation of the PIE Point as Token.

If there is a _reduction_ in the ecological state of the originating land, LTBBG will be responsible for "burning" / destroying Tokens that are equivalent to that reduction from a Token pool that it maintains for that purpose.

This burning process ensures that each Token representing a PIE Point is justified by ecological regeneration that continues to exist in nature.

### 4.2 Low resolution Evaluation

A side effect of reflecting existing improvements in nature as Tokens is that, once an area of land produces PIE Points for circulation, the land requires some level of continued assessment into the future to ensure that the continued circulation of the PIE Points connected to it is justified.

This presents some challenges in certain circumstances where a Producer stops participating in Evaluations for reasons like:

1. opting out of regenerative farming all together;
2. selling the property with an incoming owner that is not interested in Evaluations;
3. financial hardship; or
4. death.

The PIE System solution for this is "low resolution" Evaluation on a "satellite data basis only". This allows LTBBG to continue Evaluations without the participation of land stakeholders.

The Evaluations created via this process are:

1. lower resolution with more of a margin of error because there is less data; and
2. will have something of a time lag,

compared to normal Evaluations.

### 4.3 Low resolution Evaluation

The period of time before a low resolution Evaluation is triggered depends on the "priority band" of the land. Land is broken up into bands from 0% to 100% according to the priority for regeneration, based on the overall ecological context of the land and the work done to improve the land in previous Evaluations. The periods of time before low resolution Evaluation commences for each of the bands is:

1. 0% - 25%: 5 year trigger;
2. 25% - 50%: 8 year trigger;
3. 50% - 75%: 12 year trigger; and
4. 75% - 100%: 15 year trigger.

## 5. Tokens in Production

### 5.1 BBGs in production

The Ledger currently operating to transfer Tokens is the Ethereum version. The Tokens transferred on the Ethereum Ledger are known as "BBGs".

### 5.2 Purchase process

BBGs are currently purchased from https://brightgreens.io/ and there are three purchase methods:
1. crypto wallet (such as https://metamask.io/);
2. debit card (third party payment processor) managed by LTBBG’s agent, LOVE TO Financial Management Pty Ltd; and
3. via an invoice where LTBBG’s agent, LOVE TO Financial Management Pty Ltd is transferred funds with electronic transfer.

### 5.3 Crypto wallet process

1. When users use USDC for the first time, they need to approve a "spending limit", known as the USDC Limit Transaction.
2. Users of the interface at https://brightgreens.io/ can then purchase BBGs. The transaction looks like this: https://etherscan.io/tx/0x8af1e5311463341e6b4cc2d51ca5d81857caaa3849b96089ce7a4ddc7ad783bb.

## 6. Trust Bucket Paradigm

### 6.1 "Trust Bucket" paradigm

1. This is a short summary of information on “trust buckets”. For more information you can read here from page 17: https://www.gildlab.xyz/manual/.
2. The crypto portion of the system is contained in a paradigm known as "trust buckets", which are implemented with "Ethereum Virtual Machine" compatible smart contracts. The smart contracts are open-source software owned by Gild Lab.
3. "Trust bucket" is shorthand to describe a system of roles ("Certifier", "Depositor" etc) with attached permissions, which are used to manage:
    1. the representation of a uniquely identifiable physical asset as a Non Fungible Token; and
    2. Fungible Tokens linked with Non Fungible Tokens to represent slices of the value of a Non Fungible Token.
4. The trust bucket certifier audits the physical assets to ensure that the value characteristics of the asset remain properly reflected by the Non Fungible Tokens (and thus the Fungible Tokens in circulation).
5. There may be multiple Non Fungible Tokens in a trust bucket representing multiple real world assets. The assets underlying the Non Fungible Tokens must have value characteristics similar enough that the value can be fractionalised into Fungible Tokens with a rationale where it makes sense for all the Fungible Tokens to trade for the same price.
6. The Non Fungible Tokens for a trust bucket are held by the “depositor” subject to the actions permitted by the trust bucket, almost as if the depositor is a trustee holding on behalf of Fungible Token beneficiaries (we hasten to add that a depositor is not a trustee for legal purposes).
7. The role of “certifier” is to audit and certify that the declared fractionalising rationale between Non Fungible Tokens and Fungible Tokens is maintained.
8. If the certifier fails to certify by a specified deadline that Fungible Tokens are accurately representative of the Non Fungible Token asset, all Fungible and Non Fungible Tokens minted via the trust bucket are frozen until the certification takes place.
9. The role of “withdrawer” is the opposite of a depositor. The withdrawer can burn on-chain assets represented by Non Fungible Tokens or Fungible Tokens, but to do so, the withdrawer must hold both the Non Fungible Token and enough Fungible Tokens to cover the full amount associated with the Non Fungible Token to be burned.

### 6.2 Simple Example

1. There is a company storing 400 troy ounce gold bars in gold vaults across the world.
2. The trust bucket contains multiple Non Fungible Tokens representing one gold vault each.
3. Each gold vault Non Fungible Token is associated with as many Fungible Tokens as there are troy ounces of gold in the relevant vault.
4. We note that the Fungible Token is fractionalised based on the 1 troy ounce quantity even though the bars themselves are 400 troy ounces.

## 7. LOVE TO Trust Buckets

### 7.1 LOVE TO Trust Bucket

1. Currently, all roles in the LOVE TO trust bucket are operated by a wallet controlled by LTBBG (profiled on this Etherscan page: https://etherscan.io/address/0x6e37d34e35a5ff2f896ed9e76ec43e728ada1d18). It is intended over time that LTBBG will progressively replace itself with third parties in certain of the trust bucket roles so that the trust bucket functions as intended by the paradigm. 
2. In the case of the LOVE TO system: 
    1. each PIE Certificate is represented by a Non Fungible Token (PIE NFT); and
    2. each Fungible Token is called a BBG and represents a single PIE Point of the relevant PIE Certificate.
3. The PIE NFTs are held by LTBBG as trust bucket depositor.
4. The PIE Certification process is conducted by LTGM off-chain. In its role as trust bucket certifier, LTBBG will take direction from LTGM to mint PIE NFTs and BBGs.
5. LTBBG retains discretion to freeze all PIE NFTs and BBGs if it reasonably determines that the number of PIE NFTs and BBGs are not aligned. In this scenario, the PIE NFTs and BBGs would remain frozen until LTBBG certified the trust bucket.

### 7.2 Managing the BBG supply

1. It is key to the BBG project that the number of BBGs remains commensurate with the PIE Points listed on minted PIE NFTs.
2. LTBBG can update invalidated PIE NFTs by trust bucket withdraw and trust bucket redeposit if:
    1. negative PIE Point scores are recorded as the result of natural causes not caused by a Producer; or
    2. a PIE NFT was flawed in some way (as the result of fraud or mistake for example), and the number of PIE Points under construction for the relevant Partnership do not cover the deficit.

1. The functionality of the trust bucket only allows LTBBG to update PIE NFTs by withdrawal and re-deposit of a new PIE NFT if LTBBG has enough BBGs to cover the PIE Points for the invalid PIE NFT that it is withdrawing.
2. A system is in place to ensure that LTBBG is well stocked with BBGs to conduct these burns to ensure that the supply of available BBGs is the same as the number of established PIE Points.
3. When LivingShares are purchased from LTBBG with BBGs, those BBGs are held by LTBBG for burning to manage supply in accordance with LTBBG policy.

### 7.3 Token freezes

1. LTBBG controls the certification process described in this section.
2. Consequently, LTBBG can choose not to undertake certification, which would freeze all PIE NFTs and BBGs.
3. In practice, LTBBG is a member-owned public company. It is constitutionally bound to protect the interests of members. It has no ordinary shareholders, and all members are equal. Under these circumstances the only reason that LTBBG would choose not to certify would be:
    1. to protect the interests of members; or
    2. because the relevant Private Keys are lost.
4. LTBBG also makes most of its income from selling BBGs that it earns as a Partnership party. This arrangement is intended to align all parties to promote sales of BBGs. The alignment of interests further reduces the likelihood that LTBBG would not certify any valid ecological improvement from an Evaluation. 

## 8. Relevant Token Standards

### 8.1 Ethereum function standards

1. A specification for smart contract functionality in the Ethereum ecosystem is known as an "ERC".
2. "Tokens" are created by smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum blockchain.

### 8.2 Tokens: fungible / non fungible

In the Ethereum ecosystem, usually:
1. Fungible Tokens use the ERC-20 specification; and
2. Non Fungible Tokens use the ERC-721 specification.
3. The newer standard known as ERC-1155 can be used to simultaneously mint:
    1. Fungible Tokens that function _like_ ERC-20; and
    2. Non Fungible Tokens that function _like_ ERC-721.

### 8.3 ERC-1155

1. The ERC-1155 is like a database in a single smart contract that can mint and track the transfers of Non Fungible Tokens and Fungible Tokens in a more cost-efficient way.
2. When an ERC-1155 contract creates Fungible Tokens and Non Fungible Tokens, the tokens are **not** considered to be the same as tokens created by ERC-20 / ERC-721 contracts even though they are designed to have the same functionality.
3. An ERC-1155 contract is considered to be a Non Fungible Token in and of itself.

## 9. Minting BBGs

### 9.1 Smart contract deployment

When a PIE Certificate is certified by LTBBG (after completion of PIE evaluation by LTGM and the expiry of an applicable withholding period), two smart contracts are deployed by LTBBG as depositor:
1. a PIE NFT (ERC-1155), owned by LTBBG as trust bucket depositor; and
2. a BBG Contract (ERC-20), owned by LTBBG as trust bucket depositor. 
LTBBG mints “fresh” BBGs based on the PIE Points of the PIE NFT and distributes them in accordance with its obligations under the contracts with partnerships. 

The contract pair are deployed with permissions so that the BBG Contract is the Zeppelin Owner of the PIE NFT, which allows the BBG Contract to trigger actions by the PIE NFT.

### 9.2 PIE Certificate link with PIE NFT

1. The PIE Certificate is stored on a decentralised file system called "IPFS", which is the "Interplanetary File System" described at https://ipfs.tech/.
2. The decentralised infrastructure is operated by Gild Lab.
3. When a file goes onto IPFS, it is issued with a unique address ID (generated by IPFS as a "fingerprint" of the file content).
4. The PIE NFT points at the unique address ID of the PIE Certificate on IPFS.

### 9.3 PIE NFT link with BBG Contract

1. The PIE NFT exists before any BBGs are minted.
2. When the BBG Contract mints new BBGs, as the Zeppelin Owner of the PIE NFT, the BBG Contract tells the PIE NFT to mint new Fungible Tokens on the ERC-1155 to mirror the BBGs created with an Ethereum transaction "receipt".
3. The receipt is a distinguishable cryptographic artifact that functions like a message codifying the outcome of the BBG mint: https://etherscan.io/token/0x045a5fea7d0e1313ea72d7a87e22b6c81adbd6ac?a=1.
4. With this sequence, Ethereum guarantees the same number of ERC-1155 Fungible Tokens and BBGs at any one time.
5. This can be observed in the BBG Transaction Records.

### 9.4 Holders

1. LTBBG has the right to mint PIE NFTs as trust bucket depositor.
2. Because of the way that the PIE NFT and BBG Contract are paired, the right to mint BBGs from the BBG Contract linked with the PIE NFT is restricted to the holder of the PIE NFT.
3. While BBGs are traded freely on the Ethereum blockchain, the identified holder of the PIE NFT Fungible Tokens always remains the holder of the PIE NFT (and the ERC-1155). In other words, the PIE NFT does not track transfers of BBGs with the Fungible Tokens on the PIE NFT after the BBG mint.

## 10. Token Dealings

### 10.1 BBG dealings so far

1. BBGs are already in circulation.
2. BBG transactions resulting in transfers are viewable on the transaction page here: https://etherscan.io/token/0xda35193e40ac1ddfbaff808059241dc84de705fb.
3. LTBBG holds 308700.874 BBGs

### 10.2 Purchase of LivingShares

It is intended that third parties will purchase LivingShares using BBGs.

### 10.3 Purchase by retail customers

LTBBG intends for retail customers to purchase effectively unlimited numbers of BBGs using the interface at https://brightgreens.io/.

### 10.4 Purchase by institutional customers

LTBBG intends for sophisticated institutional actors to purchase BBGs.

### 10.5 Founding team allocation

To recognise their services during the founding and growth stages of LTBBG, founding members are allocated BBGs as participants in a founder pool.

Currently, all founding team allocations are coordinated manually with 1.6% of all minted BBGs going into a pool to be allocated to the founding team in accordance with corporate governance.

It's expected that smart contract functionality will run this system later.

### 10.6 Internal Token token distributions

The section entitled "PIE Process" sets out the distribution of Tokens in relation to Projects.

LTBBG is represented in that table and further distributes tokens as follows.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Party</th>
<th>Total PIE Points percentage</th>
<th>Type</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Producer</td>
<td>72.51%</td>
<td>PIE Point Entitlements</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LTA</td>
<td>6.05%</td>
<td>Half as PIE Point Entitlements and the remaining half as PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LTGM</td>
<td>7.81%</td>
<td>PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LTC</td>
<td>1.42%</td>
<td>PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LTBBG</td>
<td>
8.20%
</td>
<td>PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LT Be</td>
<td>
0.39%
</td>
<td>PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Market Pathway</td>
<td>
1.96%
</td>
<td>PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Origination Pool</td>
<td>
1.66%
</td>
<td>PIE Point Rights</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

# Definitions

## 1. BBG, BBGs

means a "Bright Green" Fungible Token, which represents a single PIE Point.

## 2. BBG Contract

means the ERC-20 compliant smart contract creating BBG.

## 3. BBG Transaction Records

Here is an example of a transaction where a BBG is minted: https://etherscan.io/tx/0x57feb4b87808e77629f2fadcf641cda0bbac16d9863e259f3162b442450262f8

You can see on the transaction that it mentions the mint of an ERC-20 and an ERC-1155 fungible token: https://capture.dropbox.com/1E9Ln6BQ989JwuiH. Important to note also that this function is found on "mint" transactions only.

Click here on the interface to see the receipt: https://capture.dropbox.com/sMOfWR1HdNQMReGr

Here's the record for the receipt sending on mint: https://etherscan.io/token/0x045a5fea7d0e1313ea72d7a87e22b6c81adbd6ac?a=1.

Here is the solidity code that mints both ERC-20 / ERC-1155 using the receipt: https://github.com/gildlab/ethgild/blob/main/contracts/vault/receipt/ReceiptVault.sol#L608

## 4. Benchmark Report

means the score calculated by LTGM during an Evaluation under the PIE System, including a score quantified by a Commencement Report.

## 5. Commencement Report

means the creation of a report on the ecological state of land in the past when regenerative work was carried out by a farmer before the PIE System was first applied to the property.

## 6. Crypto System

means a distributed computing system where interactions are governed by cryptographically enforced rules.

## 7. ESG

means Environmental, Social & Governance, a way for businesses to operate in a transparent, environmentally and socially responsible way.

## 8. Entitlements, PIE Point Entitlement, PIE Point Entitlements

means the pending PIE Points awarded to the Producer under the PIE Agreement.

## 9. Evaluation, Evaluations

means the process of ecological evaluation conducted by LTGM under the PIE System.

## 10. Fungible Token, Fungible Tokens

means a token that is indistinguishable from, and interchangeable with, other tokens of its type.

## 11. Gild Lab

means Gild Lab Limited (CN 13684709) of 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ, United Kingdom.

## 12. LOVE TO, LOVE TO Group

means the entities that work collaboratively to facilitate the services provided and transactions implemented by LTBBG, including:
1. LTBBG;
2. LTGM; and
3. LOVE TO Growth Management Pty Ltd;
4. LOVE TO R&D Pty Ltd;
5. LOVE TO Connect Pte Ltd; and
6. LOVE TO Financial Management Pty Ltd.

These companies are not a corporate group which would indicate or confer control of one over another. The entities have different shareholders and boards and are not a consolidated group for tax or any other purpose.

## 13. LTA

stands for "Local Trusted Agent", which is a party to at least one Partnership.

## 14. LTBBG

means Love To Be Bright Green Mutual Limited (ACN 649 076 933).

## 15. LTC

means LOVE TO Connect Pte Ltd (UEN 201939915R).

## 16. LTGM

means LOVE TO Growth Management Pty Ltd (ABN 61 624 477 283).

## 17. Ledger, Ledgers

means:

1. the ledger operated by LTGM;
2. the private distributed ledger known as "Synfini"; or
3. the public blockchain ledger known as "Ethereum".

## 18. LivingShare, LivingShares

means "mutual capital instruments" issued by LTBBG, which are:
1. known as “LivingShares”; and
2. issued under a new capital raising regime (introduced in 2019) under Part 2B of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for mutual companies in Australia.

## 19. Non Fungible Token, Non Fungible Tokens

means a "non-fungible token".

## 20. PIE Agreement

means the _Producer Investment Evaluation Agreement_ entered into by, among other parties, LTBBG, Producer and LTA.

## 21. PIE Certificate, PIE Certificates

means the certificate that codifies the outcome of a PIE Certification in relation to a Project.

## 22. PIE Certification, PIE Certifications

means the system owned by LOVE TO R&D Pty Ltd used to quantify ecological improvement.

## 23. PIE NFT, PIE NFTs

means the Non Fungible Token (type ERC-1155) representing a PIE Certificate.

## 24. PIE Point, PIE Points

means a "point" awarded for ecological improvement by reference to the PIE System framework. 

## 25. PIE Point Rights

means the right to turn a single PIE Point into a PIE Certificate.

## 26. PIE System

means the system whereby ecological improvements made by Producer are quantified, evaluated and certified.

## 27. Partnership

means the contractual relationships or entities creating and recording ecological improvements for the purpose of enshrinement by PIE Certificates.

## 28. Private Keys

means a privately held cryptographic key used to interact with a Crypto System.

## 29. Producer, Producers

means the person "producing" (managing the creation process of) ecological improvement with a Project. This person is always the owner of the land upon which the ecological improvement takes place.

## 30. Project, Projects

means ecological regeneration projects intended to form the basis of PIE Certificates.

## 31. Token, Tokens

means the fungible tokens on a Ledger, each of which represents a PIE Point.

## 32. USDC

means a Fungible Token "stable coin" representing US Dollars. Each USDC token represents 1 US Dollar. 

## 33. USDC Limit Transaction

1. Here's what the interface looks like after approving USDC limit: https://capture.dropbox.com/6taltRvxe2hADjM9.
2. Here's the Etherscan record of the USDC limit transaction: https://etherscan.io/tx/0x67e160a3e53a6ab4ba6d2d12224791888c85f7efac8bd9c6b5ea6193c67b07c6.

## 34. Zeppelin Owner

means the "Open Zeppelin" concept of ownership: https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/access-control#ownership-and-ownable.

An owner contract is like the "administrator" of an owned contract.
